So we have the category model here.
We have the schema, we used import syntax.
However, we haven't seen any.
Eric Schmidt That's because this file is sitting there individually.
We actually inputting here, importing anywhere, and we're not using at the moment.
So it's all good so far.
But I will show you, I'll try to show you the errors and then we can to use that ECM library that we
installed in the previous video.
All right.
So that's our model.
Let's close that and let's go to Robert's file.
And just like we have the throughout file here, we're going to create another one, four categories.
Let's create a new file called Category three is.
Now to make things easier, let's just copy this code just so that we didn't have to write the input.
Actually, you can just copy that to imports.
All right.
And then.
We can start writing out routes here.
And then we can export as well some more due to exports equals to broader as it should be and it's a
type of route.
So we can start writing her out.
So let's write a post around because we're going to send the.
The category name to the back end so that we can save in the database.
So that's going to be a post request.
So that post we can just leave it category.
That's fine.
Um, the function or controller function.
Obviously we could write the function here.
Request response.
We could write everything here.
We could bring the model and do all this.
But obviously we don't want to just write everything else.
That's why we have the controllers full write, so we can write our function there and then we can just
input here and use.
So let's call it create.
Let me just call it quits.
Nice and simple.
All right, so we need to create this function in our control.
Okay, so let me first input.
So import create from we go one step up getting set controls and category.
Now obviously we do not have this file.
We don't have this function yet, but that's that's not a problem.
We can go ahead and create one now exclude a new file called category dot JS.
And then here we tried that function export gonna create.
Make it async function.
We have access to request and response object and here we try to save the category, get any errors.
Concha learned the error.
Beautiful.
All right.
So we have the.
Dollar function.
Now this function will save the category in the database.
I said here we could write all this function in here.
All here, but obviously that's the whole point of having a control function.
So our quarters are organized.
All right.
So still, you don't see any errors, even though we're using import and export.
Hmm.
Actually, not.
Not here.
We didn't use imports.
If you want to, you can use import import express from express.
I removed that.
Okay.
So you're using that, but.
It's still there's no problem.
That's because we're not actually using these files anywhere.
As you know, our endpoint for the app, our application is indexed to this unless you import roots.
Obviously, our application does not.
All right.
So let's import and try to apply as middleware, just like we did previously for Arthropods.
So this is important.
Don't forget this one I have forgotten to import a few times before, and I was just wondering why it's
not working.
So make sure you import.
So let's call it category roots.
From.
We go once.
Okay.
So we are right here and would do it.
So we go one step inside.
Rob's category.
It's important since we want to use input, we can do that input category out from.
GROSS category.
Then we can apply it as middleware.
Just like we did before, about to use prefix with Apia and then use the category root as a middleware.
Beautiful.
Know the category, the roads and control fonts.
They are not part of this endpoint.
So let's now have a look at o console and now you can see here we have problem because import export
is not supported by node just by default.
So we have this error.
Syntax error cannot use import statement outside a month.
Okay.
So to fix this one, we have already installed the ESM.
So we have.
Yes.
So we can use that to use that.
We going to use that in our start screen.
This is an index strategies.
I guess that's all we need to do now.
That means we have to make sure to restart the server.
Now if you do.
Okay.
So we.
Category dirt.
This route does not provide an export name to default.
Okay.
So let's go here.
Module exports.
We use that.
That's the only syntax since we're using import export.
Looks like we have to use export default routing.
Okay.
You.
Awesome.
That's beautiful.
All right.
So you can see here, we could.
We can use import and export syntax using the ESM.
Salim closed this.
Let me close the package.
Jason.
And.
Here in our control function.
I want to have a look at it.
So don't look.
Let me just write.
We can do we request to.
Let's see if we are able to receive the data at this name.
If we are able to send this from our client, our rehab to our server, let's have a look at it before
we start saving in the database, we're going to apply the.
And the authentication tech.
So we're going to allow the new category create only by the admin user.
So we're going to implement all that.
We're not just going to save in the database, but we can really have a look at the console just to
make sure everything is what we're doing correctly so far.
All right.
So.
We have the control of.
And so we'll come back to this one.
But now let's quickly go to our client.
Let's go to the admin categories phase and then let's try to make a request to our back end just to
make sure we are on the right track.
So let's import ex use.
And here we going to.
The request using excuse.
So we try charts and the error counts load the error not only console.log, we want to show the error
message as well.
So it's import two from React.
Hot toast, and I think we have to destruct this one.
So here.
We going to sue the editor if there's an issue posted and.
Category create found.
But otherwise we can.
So the success misses.
But before we show the success message, let's try to have a look at it.
Console.log.
Sort of comes along.
We had to make a request using for first.
Right.
But it's destruction data from weed Axios used forced to make a post request to the endpoint that is
category.
So that's the first argument.
The endpoint second argument, we have to send the actual data which is valid.
So let's use that and that should give us console.log data.
You can do that.
And at this point you want to so toast the success category created.
Category
success.
Successful.
So let's show that.
And while we doing this, we may also want to slow the learning so that let's import state from react
so you statehood from we art and then we can create a loading state.
KONST Laurie said no egos to use state to give the default value of funds.
When we submit the form, we set the loading to truth.
And once we get the data.
We should talk notification and then the cert loading defaults if and errors also set loading defaults.
So that way we can show the loading indicator while the categories being saved.
I said might be extremely fast, but is it's good to have have here.
And then on the button we can use loading loading to value.
If the value is true, it'll show this loading spinner thanks for this burn component from and then
it's nice and easy to use.
Beautiful.
Right?
So let's give it a try.
At the moment, we are not getting any data here because from our control function we actually not sending
anything.
We just console.log.
The moment.
So we will not be receiving anything here, but we should still be able to see the name that we send
from here.
We should be able to see that in our.
So console.
All right.
So let's try.
Let's try to react.
Let's hit some meat.
I guess so we see the loading happening.
We're not sending in a response, so obviously it is stuck like that.
However, let's go have a look in De Soto Council and beautifully we have got the value name with the
of the category name react beautifully.
So so far so good.
Now before we actually start saving this in the database, like I said, we want to implement authentication.
We want to take the.
The token.
So from here.
Any time we are making any request to the protected crowds, we should be sending the token, which
is in the context and also in the local stories.
All right.
So we should be sending that context.
So this token and then based on that token, we will verify that token in the back end if the token
is valid, if that is generated by our application and if that is not expired, then we will allow the
user.
To do certain things.
Now, in this case, before we allowed the user to create a category, we also want to make sure that
this user is admin.
So we will go through those security related features in the upcoming videos.